[Docs] Add Google Cloud Meetup (#11864)
vllm-project/vllm: README.md

---

> The first vLLM meetup in 2025 is happening in two weeks, on January 22nd, Wednesday, with Google Cloud in SF! We will talk about vLLM's performant V1 architecture, Q1 roadmap, Google Cloud's innovation around vLLM: networking, Cloud Run, Vertex, and TPU! [Register Now](https://lu.ma/zep56hui)

Author: ```suggestion
The first vLLM meetup in 2025 is happening on January 22nd, Wednesday, with Google Cloud in San Francisco! We will talk about vLLM's performant V1 architecture, Q1 roadmap, Google Cloud's innovation around vLLM: networking, Cloud Run, Vertex, and TPU! [Register Now](https://lu.ma/zep56hui)
```
